## Meeting Agenda, March 22, 2017

1. UofT Coders advertising / gathering feedback
 * Let's make some posters! We can all put them places. (Include QR code?)
 * Should we survey at every meeting? Pass out paper version for name, email, department, how did you hear about us. Send thank-you email after first attendance.
 * Senior members (us) make effort to talk to new or newish people

2. Summer plans
 * Modify and send out survey for lesson topics and general feedback - [old survey here](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1j3r4Aup_SQbNjDf_y-cyBmZIyRVMAlM0j9Z55oXi9ss/edit?usp=sharing)
 * Start offering coffee and/or tea at meetings? Get a kettle and some paper cups, ask people to bring mugs?
 * At start of each session, have an exec member give a brief (~2 min) description of UofT Coders.
 * Alternate days of week / times to accommodate more people? Add a coworking session?
 * New style of event - i.e. Shut Up And Write? PhTEA?

3. Workshop for DHN
 * Tentative dates: May 22-23 (note: Victoria Day)
 * Ideas for material from [NYCDH](http://dhweek.nycdh.org/) and [DH@Guelph](https://www.uoguelph.ca/arts/dhguelph/summer2017)
 * Tentative blurb to send out (they like the topic list):

---------------------------------------------------

The Digital Humanities Network and Jackman Humanities Institute at UofT in collaboration with UofT Coders will be holding a two-day workshop in May for digital humanities practitioners, and we are looking for instructors! The workshop material is flexible depending on instructor interest and availability of lesson material. Potential topics include HTML, automating tasks with the command line, image processing, natural language processing, web scraping, and preserving and archiving data. If you're interested in developing lesson content and/or instructing for a portion of the workshop, send an email to uoftcoders@gmail.com. You don't need to be an expert in your chosen topic to be a successful instructor!

---------------------------------------------------

4. RQM
 * Set up a 'project' tab on GitHub
 * Thoughts on strategies for teaching: 
	- compress 1st week
	- start R lessons from week 2 in parallel with week 1 during tutorials
 * Any opinions on who teaches what?

