## Meeting Agenda, Mar 24 2021

1. **Debrief** (20 min)

__*What did we feel went well about this past semester in terms of lessons?*__

* Changes from last year:  
  * Lessons every week 
  * One external instructor 
* Consistent attenance, about 7-12 people? 
* Format has been going well 
* Good engagment! Moved LaTeX to a new channel on the Discord 
* Feedback form was nice, might work better to post the link at the beginning 

 __*What could have been better about the lessons this past semester?*__
 
 * Try to start more prompt at 6PM (vs 6:05PM) 
 * The demo sessions worked well, a little anti-Carpentries
    * More series like how we had on git or a pt1 - theory and pt2 - applied/live coding
 
 __*How did we feel about the change in schedule this semester?*__
 
 * Should we migrate over to discord for weekly lessons? Are we ready yet? 
    * Limit of 50 video or 99 voice participants per call (this is doubled b/c of covid)
    * Would need to have a lesson to teach people how to navigate zoom
    * Do the carpentries on discord!! 
 * Be more explicit about what assistance we can provide as volunteers 
    * Firm limits on what we can do as an organization, focus of each lesson
    * Update code of conduct? Starting schpeal? Update events page?
    * Have a discussion day ish on how to find help?
 
 __*How did we feel about co-working?*__
 
 * Timing worked well b/c it was during their work hour
 * People had a dedicated project or questions they wanted answered
 * Turnout: max was 4, no one was every week but lots of repeaters 
 * How was discord?
    * Amin has joined the 21st Century, learned a lot and enjoyed it 
    * Only in the first lesson, there was confusion about where to go or were disconnecting. 
 * Most people joined for the whole thing at the beginning
 * How about a coffee break? 
    * Options: (1) First/last meeting for dedicated socials or (2) pt1 work hard and pt2 social or (3) Have a different channel for socials 
    * Maybe open a second voice channel on the first meeting each month 

__*Update website*__

* Add discord widget, Elliott is magically on it! 
* Edit header for events, focus discussion 

2. **Summer/future plans** (20-25 min) 


 __*Carpentries workshop in May*__
 
 * R workshop 
 * Sometime in May, targetting May 18 and 25 right now
    * Amin can't do 18, Haidy might be busy on the 25th 
 * Lead up to restarting Coders events on the 25th 
 * Help with recruiting instructors and helps with the Carpentries listserv and the local UofT libraries people 
 * Run it on the discord!! 
 
 __*Summer Social*__
 
 * 
 
 __*Potential new execs to bring on board*__
  __*How does each of us feel about sticking around for another year?*__
  
 * Have an interested party, most people planning on returning
 * How do we reach new people online? 
 * Summer social to get to know people in an informal session 
    * Incentive? Gift cards? Gift cards are starting to get banned from re-embrusment
    * Get to know what topics they want to teach/learn
    * First week of Carpentries 
 * Give more options to people to pick topics for what they want to teach
 

3. **Miscellaneous** (5-10 min)
 
  __*Important dates*__
 
 Meeting early May to decide lesson plan and recruit for teachers
 
 * Tues May 18 - Carpentries day 1 
 * Weds May 19 - Social 
 
 * Tues May 25 - Carpentries day 2 
 * Weds May 26 - UofTCoders Election & Zoom intro 
 
 * Weds June 2 - First UofTCoders lesson
 * Thur June 3 - First UofTCoders co-working 
 
 __*Ulife status - getting back on track*__
 
 * Email last year said we would stay listed w/o renewal b/c pandemic 
 * Frances can try to figure it out in April 
 * Update name to UofTCoders and add "Student Group" and update communications profiles
 

