## Meeting agenda Sept 10th, 2025

Topics to discuss:
1. **Exec Check-in** (5 min)
- How is everyone doing?

2. **Future of Coders** (20-30 min) 
- Elections:
	- If to have them? -> Took a vote, all exec say it's fine
 		- We should probably change the constitution to update this; it's already outdated (paper ballots)
   		- E: Set an AGM to change the constitution, can do it at the fall social 	
	- When to have them?
 		- N/A but the AGM, at the social
		- Y: get people to RSVP and then tell them that it will also be a vote
  		- V: Come to the social + AGM, if they want to vote on the side, they can do it too (like conference style), if they have attended one of our events, then they can vote
    	- E: Active members can just give us their email and info the day of and must be registered to vote 
	- Who wants to stay?
 		- Denny is showing interest in being president!
   		- Yeshoda is so for this and wouldn't mind a co-presidency
     	- Maintain exec for now with the rolling 
   	- Send out an email to ask who wants to join the exec -> Denny shall send out an email
   		- Y: If you want to be president, then you have to have attended one or more workshops, but any other position can be anyone
   	 	- F: Can we survive without new exec? -> going to be hard
    - Can we have rolling exec? Add in as we see
    	- V: Agree, we can add as we go
     	- F + D: Can use the social -> will need to really force it
- D: Can we have a clubs fair table?
	- F: Mostly undergrads?
 	- Y: Could be a good way to get people for workshops and for carpentries. Do we need to go through the UTMSU?
    - V: have to email Anna -> gets table and chairs
- Y: Graduate welcome BBQ -> set up a table there?
	- V: Email Jess and see if we can make this work
- When should we meet to change the constitution:
	- F: This Friday?
 	- V: Take some time to look at it on our own and then come back as a round-table to discuss and draft together
  	- D: On zoom request
  	- Y: A week to look at and then meet Thursday or Friday? -> F+V+D support    	 
- Carpentries meeting:
	- D: Down to do it
 	- Y: Do we run another one?
  		- F: Think we should
    	- D: good for funding because without the grant we wouldn't have enough   

3. **Future Events** (15-20 min)
- Start of Term Social:
	- When to hold it:
 		- E: Need to announce the date of the AGM 2 weeks before
   		- Y: Oct 1st for social?
     	- D: Will be in Japan but can vote in absentia   	
	- Do we need snacks?
 		- F: Week of 22nd 
	- What does the budget look like?
 		-  V: Should be getting a cheque for the Lange and Orchard Fund
   			- YAY 	  	
- Workshops:
	- Which topics?
 		- D: Stick the course to make it easy
   		- V: Intro sessions, redoing last year
     	- F: Winter wants to do some more lessons  	 	
	- How often?
 		- Biweekly 	
	- Which format? Hybrid, zoom, in-person?
 		- Hybrid
   - Schedule:
   		- Oct 8th: Farhan: Intro Bash, Help: Yeshoda
     		- Y: Will need to make sure we know how to handle Windows computers
     	- Oct 23rd: Denny/Vicki?: Intro R, Help: Farhan
     	- Nov 5th: Yeshoda: Intro Python, Help: Denny/Vicki?
     	- Nov 19th: Denny/Vicki?: Intro SQL Help: Denny/Vicki?
     	- Dec 3rd Y: End social? F: Dec 10th? V: too late into with exams F: Stick to 3rd, Vicki may have her defence OooOOOOOooooOOO. All: Figure it out after date set, for now TBD
     	- EoT Social TBD

4. **Misc** (5 mins)
- Any other matters arising
	- Get room access to the workspace, V: need to email Eli(s|z)a?
 	- D: Out of country till Oct 10th
-  Partnership with RGASC:
	- Y: Can email -> fell through when Jess left  	
- Partnership with the Dean:
	- Y: Can send an email

TODO:
- Find out how to table at the grad BBQ -> email Jess (also lessons)
- Set the schedule
- Set the constitution -> decide to meet Thursday 18th or Friday 19th with edits
- F + Y + A -> shopping run
- Need to book the room for the workshops -> Elise
