## Meeting agenda Mar 5th, 2025

Topics to discuss:
1. **Exec Check-in** (5 min)
- Do any execs need more support in where they are?

2. **Carpentries Debrief** (20-30 min) 
- Overall thoughts on
  - Lesson content?
    - A: GitHub was out of place. No connection between R and Git. Use Git throughout the workshop. Do an overarching project that feeds through each of the days. Rather than isolated sessions
    - Y: Agree. Students were surprised to do Git. It was hard to transition. Setting up BASH was difficult. We could make our own workshops
    - V: Make more clear. Connect GitHub throughout. Carpentries is updating the intro R, so it was a bit of a mix and match.
    - F: GitHub isn't always required if just learning R. Need to decide what to cater for
  - Using the MadLab?
    - F: Liked but takes time to get to. Ants?
    - V: Liked, liked the movable aspects. But can only accept UofT staff and students, has to be clear in the registration that it's not open to the public. Bryan would interrupt. Want coders to move back downtown. Lots of learners want coders but can't access them. 
    - Y: Bryan would try to interrupt. Didn't like the hybrid because of privacy issues
    - A: Doesn't like, given that no outside people allowed. The more people, the more money we bring. Commute sucks. Need better room
  - Method of teaching (in-person)?
    - Y: Move to hybrid?
    - V: We would have to charge a different rate for hybrid. 
- How much money did we make?
  - $244.53 (net after eventbright)
  - Net total: 103.22 (after food and snacks)
    - Honourarium?
      - F: Ignore it, didn't give any. Execs decided no tehehe
      - V: We all chose to donate back to U of T Coders. If weekly, should we move around between campuses? (A/F: move to hybrid)
      - A: We have lost money throughout the year. Making $600-700 per workshop previously 
      - Y: Rather than 4 consecutive days, have it once a week. Do a "Carpentries Month"
- Would we do this again?
  - V: Yes, if we can get more instructors. Reading week is pro and con, can't serve everyone
  - D: Agreed. Wanted to teach but didn't get a chance because it was reading week. Can teach yourself the basic R to teach
  - Y: Agreed, would like to spread it out over the month rather reading week - took a hit to our own work. If A and F want to teach give them the intro days and leave the other lessons for more experienced instructors
  - A: Would teach if he could. Can do syntax if it's easy and has some experience in r. Can do if just the intro part. More comfortable with Python than R
  - F: Would teach if he could. Can do BASH
 
  - Can we do another carpentries workshop during the summer?
    - D: Feildwork. Has course material with R and stats
    - V: Down. Can take the lead. Feildwork done, but will be helping. More free this summer. Work around who is most busy. Interest in september to do stats and upload. Want to do more stats to suppliement the R/coding languages (what is a pval, normal distribution, stats theory). Will try to book spave and talk about
    - F: Down. Market as brush up on your skills. Can use the sumemr as a test for the schedules
    - Y: Down. Students like the lm lessons, more senior learners appreciated it, so the stats might be helpful. Would be easy with availability if do it weeks rather than consecutive days. CDRS and hybrid
    - A: Down. Might be easier to have them consecutive days
  
3. **Future Events** (15-20 min)
- Intro to Jeykll (Mar 19)
- End of Term Social (Apr 2)
  - Do we need another Costco run?
    - A: No we don't. Have enough stuff already
- Do we want to do anything over the summer?
  - Carpentries (see above)
  - All: Full steam ahead on carpentries :)
- V: September: interest in quick and dirty learning for new and incoming students. Hard to get things accross with EGSA, bad vibes, hard to work with. Can make ad for Atwood - talk to Mete. Can make posters and put stuff up
- Y: Our workshops were already intro. We didn't get to talk about it at the welcome social. Still struggling to get the word out downtown. How can we do that. EGSA? Atwood ad?- 
- Call for execs?
  - V: Looking for members of UofT coders interested in joining the community. Then in April/when we do elections we can call them to apply
  - F: Agree
  - Y: Agree. Elections are usually in September
4. **Misc** (5 mins)
- Any other matters arising
