## Meeting agenda Nov 11th, 2024

Topics to discuss:
1. **Exec Check-in** (5 min)
- Do any execs need more support in where they are?
  - D: Things are going smoothly
  - F: Doing good, No update to Jess or CDRS yet. Will after this meeting
  - A: Vibin. Reimburse Vicki for the last few meetings. No e-transfers yet :( BMO-BMO transfers can't work either. Sticking to cheques
  - V: also good. Taught twice (YAY)
  - E: "Ya everything is fine"
  
2. **Winter Term Workshop Schedule** (20-30 min) 
- What day are we free to hold lessons?
    - External members of the community can also host lessons if the exec is unavailable
    - Keep to Wednesdays? Aim for 5:30 - 7pm
    - Denny on campus most Thursdays but can make Wednesdays work when need to
- How often do we want lessons?
    - Like Bi-weekly schedule
    - Winter semester runs Jan 6 - Apr 4
        - Jekyl Website dev?
        - MADLab: Mobile App development
    - Jan 8/15th: Social?
    - Jan 22nd: Data Vis in Seaborn. Yeshoda Lead, Farhan
    - Feb 5th: Data Vis in ggplot. Denny Lead, Yeshoda Host (V not here)
    - Week of Feb 17th: Carpentries
        - E: Maybe $400 profit?
    - Mar 5th: Shiny. Vicki Lead, Denny
    - Mar 19th: Jekyll. Elliott Lead, Anhad
    - Apr 2: End of Term social 
- Carpentries during reading week (Feb 17th)
  - Downtown at the MADLab or UTM CDRS?
      V: Depends on # of participants, prefer UTM. Avail Monday and Tuesday only
      F: If it makes money have it DT
      D: ^ supports. May be gone during reading week.
      Y: Need to figure out schedule (4d or 2d), can always teach half
  
3. **Panel** (10-15 min)
- Advertising
  - Can also advertise to some undergrads in bioinformatics classes
  - Twitter: Tag the MADLab and UTMAGS (They've offered to help us if need be)
      - Y: UTMAGS send them on Insta. Pro bioinformatics classes
          - Stephanie DeRego: Email for the undergrads
      - D: Make it more Insta friendly. Tags UTMAGS, BGSS, RGASC. Can make an insta? Panel registration is working!
          - Posters Thursday 2-3pm
          - Good for undergrad classes
          - Used to do EEB and UTM no CSB :(
      - F: Will send an email blast to RGASC. Will send out email tonight
      - V: Promote in R classes - BIO259? In Thursday 2-3 for posters. No replies from panellists; will send a follow-up

4. **Misc** (5 mins)
- Any other matters arising
    - No need to do more shopping

**TODOs**:
- Vicki to email carpentries and the DT library. Put up posters on Thursday. Make github issues (adding year) for the events
- Yeshoda email MADLab. Email Jess to push Farhans email and to push to the other campuses. Discord events. Yeshoda Make github for Farhan (big booty bimmer, foamer)
- Denny to put up posters on Thursday with Vicki. Insta?
- Farhan to send email to Listserv for panel, and reply with the scheduling email. Farhan make github
