## Meeting Agenda, Sept 15 2022

Present: Vicki, Frances, Elliott, Ahmed, Margot, Tara, Haidy

Regrets: N/A


1. **State of council** (20-25 min)

- How are we doing generally?
- How are we feeling about Coders this year, and the level of involvement we can put in?
    - Vicki: mid PhD, lots of data to work through after long field season,
      currently teaching EEB313 (full circle!) and downtown twice a week
        - hoping to be involved again, happy to be up for Admin again
        - also happy to teach any R (ggplot/tidyverse/etc) things as they come up this year
    - Margot: about 2-3 days from finishing draft of thesis, writing the very last subsections of discussion
        - assuming things go well, will be staying here as a postdoc for a bit, finishing papers
        - really enjoyed running co-working stuff, would like to do that again, maybe in coordinator role
        - also totally down to teach
    - Tara: going into 4th year, but spent time in another lab and really enjoyed it
        - interested in running co-working stuff, was hard to get peer mentorship going last year
        - might be good to have a stronger emphasis on that this year
        - could be cool to run events working on same simple analysis together + learning
    - Haidy: in last year technically, going to be a scramble
        - not sure can promise serious involvement on exec given this 
        - happy to teach and/or be a mentor for peer mentorship stuff
    - Frances: year has been pretty crazy, teaching ~1000 students this year, keyboard about to break
        - if things are back in person, going to be hard to make it in person to UTSG for events
        - not sure if able to make weekly things, but happy to help out with tangential things
        - not feeling a formal Coders role as much given sched - still pretty connected with Carpentries stuff
        - can help plan Special Events at most
    - Elliott: not much has changed, still working
        - happy to stay on, didn't really do a lot last year but happy to still stay on
    - Amin: last year of PhD, finally got data after two years of delay - just working on analyzing data
        - coming downtown to UTSG at least once or twice a week
        - re: Coders - slowly detaching from most extracurriculars - feels it's better for someone else to step in
        - still owe Haidy for pizza! 
        - Tara's idea could be incorporated with tidy Tuesday - has workflows he can share and can put something together
        - Margot - also nice to give people general transferable skills that could help make them more employable

2. **Elections** (10 min)

- Are we ready to get the ball rolling on elections?
- What's a good date? 
    - two weeks from now
- Any role changes/additions/etc we had in mind? 
    - will be flexible based on who shows up and interests
    - do need a Marketing Coordinator (e.g. Twitter role)
- Any people we know who could be a good fit for Coders?
    - will invite them to elections! 

3. **Preliminary thoughts on the semester ahead** (10 min)

- In-person vs remote format for this year
    - discussion for future meeting once exec is set
- Implementing peer teaching review
    - did not have enough time to discuss
- Would we want to run peer mentorship again? 
    - did not have time to discuss - but given Peer Mentorship Coordinators are
      leaving/switching roles, possibly not happening again

4. **Miscellaneous** (5 min)

- Kelly Schwartz (sp?) from Map and Data Library, hoping for mutual cross promotion
    - will reach out and discuss once new exec is set and we have a schedule in mind
    - Frances: timing works out since most of their events are also in Oct
