## Schedule for the term
From previous meeting:
~~Jan 14: Working with dataframes in R (Vicki, Farhan)~~ -> too late to run now.
Jan 28: ~~Working with dataframes in Python (Anhad? Yeshoda? )~~ Working with dataframes in R (Vicki, Farhan)
Feb 11: Visualizations with seaborn (Yeshoda, Anhad)
Mar 4: Intro to working collaboratively with R and Git (Sherry, Hannah)
Mar 19: Visualizations with ggplot2 (Denny, Vicki)
Apr 1: End-of-semester social (all)

*Dates can be both Thursday and Wednesday from 5:30-7pm
Anhad/~~Elliott~~ For the python lesson

## UHN Email:
- Y: Update, responded. Asked for more info (Which lesson, who is the instructor etc...)
- Will update when get more information

## UTSC Email:
- Undergrad R lesson at UTSC (1 day)
- Don't remember where we are with this. Did Denny reach out?

## Carpentries:
- Want to do but don't want to take the full week again. UHN is doing a carpentries 8h total
- V: We could do something similar as well. Busy during reading week - want to say no to carpentries this year just have to be good about money
- Could we apply for the Lange award again? Would it be hard to get
- Y: Run at the end of the year/summer?
- V: Summer/ or 2 consecutive weeks -> copy what UHN is doing 
- Y: If we stick to one topic it might be easier and shorter. Do 2 days, if ambitious could do a python version?

## We need to approve the constitution
- Need more exec. We need to find a way to entice the yougins!!!
- Y: Email blast with every annoucement, add if you would like to join the exec let us know? 
- If we do a lesson at UTSC we can also get people to join

TODO:
- Farhan: send email to CDRS to book the room
- Denny: Draft Promo materials
- Vicki: Update website and Discord events, Order pizza
- Yeshoda: Confirm with Sherry the date for the workshop
- Shop for snacks: Y/A/F
