## Meeting Agenda, Sept 9 2021

Present: Frances, Haidy, Elliott, Ahmed

Regrets: Amin, Margot

1. **Upcoming fall plans** (20-30 min)
 * So we were too burnt out to get the summer off the ground, but we're back on Ulife now at least, which means elections are a go! 
 * Elections + a welcome back social! Could this be held in person at an outdoor venue?     
    - Haidy: we may not be allowed to do something in person
    - would prefer online cause we forgot how to socialize! 
    - will hold elections + social online - and social could have some sort of game element/breaking the ice (e.g. breaking up the room based on their favourite language)
    - election itself can happen on Zoom - Haidy: in dept election, nominees were elected with polls, and recorded + took screenshots of the votes as they happened
    - Frances: need to keep in mind that only the meeting creator will be able to make polls
    - could also do social/call on Discord and use strawpoll.me
    - email out about elections and social, make clear that nominees need to be associated with UofT - please let us know in advance if you're interested too and specifically list the positions you are interested in
    - Thurs Sep 16th, 7 pm EST, on Discord

 * Fall schedule - email out topic survey or predetermine 'standard' topic series with a few extras? 
    - 'standard' topic series it is! 
    - leave 1-2 slots at the end for something a little more advanced, but could list as TBD for now
    - Ahmed will design draft schedule and present to the rest of council for edits/approval

 * Holding lessons online this fall just to be safe - RGASC at UTM is doing the same
    - yep! all on board

 * Co-working? Lightning demo sessions? 
    - Frances: co-working would be better during the day, people aren't as inclined to work in the evening
    - Haidy: if the lessons are going to be weekly, would prefer to have co-working bimonthly (twice a month) given other research commitments

 * Peer mentorship? 
    - Haidy: can give students CCR credit - need to apply for that since we have Ulife status again
    - it'd have to be more structured - e.g. they have to attend min. 3 co-working, etc
    - Haidy will reach out to Madeleine and Lina about how they handled it - could also look in the Coders email inbox history for info

2. **New execs** (5-10 min)
 * We had a few names for this - Jennifer? Vicki? Anyone else? 
    - might need to shuffle and/or think of new roles as needed for new people
    - we'll have a vote post-election on the constitution as well, especially if we're adding new roles

 * Any potential role shuffling among us on exec? 
    - Frances would prefer to no longer tweet and stick to Special Events
    - Haidy: we could collectively rotate social media if no one person wants to take on the role

 * Anyone thinking of any novel roles we might make?
    - nothing yet so far

3. **Format** (5-10 min)
 * Are we good to start running lessons on Discord instead of Zoom? 
    - yes! 
    - Elliott: Discord might have a calendar functionality now? worth looking into
        - update: only for community servers - will look into this more
    - in the future, when running Carpentries, tell people they might want to mute channels

 * Feedback form at beginning this time? 
    - could add a permanent link on Discord pinned to a channel
    - could have a bot spam it before and after a lesson - have the sesh bot provide a link to the form - see if the phrasing can be changed to '6 sharp'

 * If lessons return to back in person, how do we handle feedback? (Maybe a question for a future meeting...)
    - yes, a question for a future meeting

 * Updates to spiel to define the role and limitations of Coders better? 
    - slight wording change to the spiel and formalize changes to the online version generally - Ahmed will post in exec-chat after it's ready for approval

 * Starting promptly at 6 (based on last meeting)
    - collectively cool with it - start with intros right at 6 pm

3. **Miscellaneous** (5 min)
 * Are we running any Carpentries events in the fall? 
    - new folks might be interested in helping run/teaching it
    - Haidy also needs to do her checkout too, but might not be able to take part if it's during the day
    - could split into four half days instead of two full days for flexibility? to be discussed further
    - tentatively Jan 2022 - before the Coders semester

 * Other business
    - timeslot: Thursday at 6 pm for weekly sessions
    - Frances might not be able to consistently make every week given running labs late, but if there's stuff she needs to explicitly make it for and she'll schedule it out
