## Meeting Agenda, Dec 17 2020

1. **Debrief** (15 min)
 * What did we feel went well about this past semester in terms of lessons?
 * What could have been better about the lessons this past semester? 
    - more intro lessons, targeting earlier stage grad students, tying in with email blast
    - advertise the 7 pm start and try to consistently start at 7
 * What did we feel went well about this past semester re: Lightning Demos? 
 * What could have been better about Lightning Demos this past semester? 
    - lightning demos went well - but we're running out of things to demo! 
    - could combine lightning demos with co-working 
 * How do we feel about the overall lesson/lightning demos split schedule? 
    - could bring back co-working in the afternoon? instead of coworking in the evening
        - Margot would be happy to host, prefers afternoon things instead of evening stuff
        - co-working sessions - have on Discord instead of Zoom
 * Scheduling notes
    - switch back to 6 pm - Wednesday works better for Frances
    - check whether Wed works for Amin - else switch back to Thurs
    - mornings are out for Haidy, and Tues afternoon (3-5 is out) 

2. **Survey results + planning Winter 2021 session** (30-35 min) 
    - overall consensus - big demand for Git lessons, and then some popular ones (scikit-learn, stats in R, etc) 
    - will aim to start at 6 pm earlier in the semester - we can also have lightning demos a bit less frequently

Sessions:
- Week of Jan 11
    - Intro Python (Ahmed)
- Week of Jan 18
    - Co-working
- Week of Jan 25
    - Intro R
- Week of Feb 1
    - Co-working
- Week of Feb 8
    - Intro Git
- Week of Feb 15
    - Co-working
- Week of Feb 22
    - Python: scikit-learn
- Week of Mar 1
    - Co-working
- Week of Mar 8
    - R: Statistical methods
- Week of Mar 15
    - Co-working
- Week of Mar 22
    - Introduction to LaTeX
- Week of Mar 29
    - Co-working
- Week of Apr 5
    - Git: intermediate topics (e.g. collaboration with GitHub, or features like stashing/rebasing/etc)

3. **Miscellaneous** (5 min)
 * Any thoughts on potential new execs from our regular attendees this past semester? 
 * Software Carpentry (Frances) 
    - Frances wants to host SWC starting Jan 26th on Tuesdays 1-4
    - 2 R's, Unix, Git
    - can use first few Coders events to advertise for this more
