Present: Vicki, Denny, Yeshoda, Sophie, Elliott;

Regrets: Madeleine


## Exec check-in

- how are execs adjusting to new role:
    - Denny: doing good; will work on mailing list next year
    - Sophie: doing great; Jess is a great person to work with (responsive, helps us get paid)
    - Vicki: good, nothing to add
    - Elliot: good, nothing to add
- how did the first term go at UTM?
    - socials: have something downtown in the MadLAB
    - for some events, it was a little bit of a struggle to get some execs in from downtown to UTM
    - Sophie: smaller team this year, some execs have conflicts; next semester, need to figure out exactly how many people will be at each event
    - Vicki: some UofTCoders (stickers, etc.) at MadLAB but couldn’t find them; Yeshoda to email Mike
    - Denny: events page should be updated next year; Vicki: RGASC calendar is up-to-date, good reference; Elliot will update and get it automated for next term

## End of term social

- Monday December 4th (date that was decided at start of semester), 5-7 PM
- Where?
    - Sophie can only go if downtown; hopefully more attendees can go (like start-of-term social)
- catering: how much money do we have? Can we order food?
    - Elliot: we have about $2000 (from 2019)
    - can Jess reimburse for food for events? Sophie: need to be clear about how much food/participants for events
    - need to ask Madeleine to check
- alcoholic drinks? need to ask Jess


## Events for new semester

- Vicki: two ideas for workshops are Bash/bioinformatics/gene expression and the cancelled AI/ChatGPT workshop
- Sophie: should check-in with Jess to see if there are any specific lessons we should teach
    - btw: check that you are going to get paid!
- number of sessions:
    - Vicki: won’t know until schedule for next semester is set
    - Yeshoda: twice a month was okay
    - Sophie: once a month is more calm; next semester is really busy, can *****maybe***** host but that’s it
    - Elliot: at one point, there were weekly sessions, but it was all held downtown with downtown execs; biweekly started around COVID time
- Carpentries event
    - usually 4 sessions, 2 days
    - Elliot: can use for fundraising (charge about $20 per attendee); can do either two full days, or a couple of half days
    - Vicki: can help with instructing and helping, we just need to help with logistics (sign-up, catering, space, etc.)
    - this is an option for next semester!
- Zoom versus Discord?
    - Vicki: Zoom is more accessible, and RGASC handle all of the logistics
    - Denny: registration involves grad student info to get the Zoom, not really “open”; been getting questions on Discord
    - Sophie: not promote to undergrads, but if they hear about it, then they can come; avoid students who only want to come for pizza & then cause a riot

## Misc

- Sophie has reached out to Code with Friends (EEB group) to connect, see if they want to collaborate or work together
- Yeshoda: there’s some interest from others who want to join the  exec team and help with events; Vicki: they can still join and teach a lesson
- Yeshoda: got good turnout when talking to others and also going door to door; Denny to hand out flyers