## UofT Coders Meeting 2024-09-18

Present: Yeshoda, Farhan, Anhad, Vicki, Elliott
Regrets: Denny

1. **New exec onboarding** (5-15 min)
- Do any execs need more support in where they are?
	- For Farhan: Jess is no longer in the RGASC role
	- Treasurer: Anhad to get cheques from Madeleine and go downtown for bank changeover next Tuesday (Sep 24)
- Updating the website with your info
	- Name, Degree, Coding specialties
	- Yeshoda; PhD, Cell and Systems Biology; R, Python, Git, Visualization
	- Vicki; PhD, Ecology and Evolutionary Biology; R, Python, Git, Visualization
	- Anhad; PhD, Cell and Systems Biology; Python, Excel
	- Farhan; PhD, Ecology and Evolutionary Biology; Bash, R
- Elliott to add to the GitHub
	- in progress
	- 
- Also please send Yeshoda your utorIDs to add for club admin work
	- zhangvi6
	- singh357
	- majumd19
- Exec clean up
	- remove Sophie + Madeleine from the GitHub + website

2. **Term Workshop Schedule** (20-30 min) 
- What day are we free to hold lessons?
	- Wednesday, 5 PM
	- External members of the community can also host lessons if the exec is unavailable
- How often do we want lessons?
	- bi-weekly
- Vicki to put up (tentative) schedule on GH
	- Oct 2: welcome event
	- Oct 9: Intro R - Vicki, Yeshoda
	- Oct 23: Intro Python -  Elliott, Anhad
	- Nov 6: Intro Bash - Farhan, Denny ?
	- Nov 20: Intro Git + Reproducible Science - Yeshoda, Vicki 
	- Dec 4: vote on our last workshop/end-of-year party - dependent on numbers
		- Ferne's partner maybe to host a workshop
- What format for the term? Hybrid
- Do we want to stay focused at UTM or periodically have some workshops at the MADLab?
	- UTM
	- Talk of mobile app design; will have to reach out to the MADLab
- Carpentries
	- UofTCoders gets paid for it, so it funds next several years
	- Maybe run during Winter reading week (Feb 22-25)?
- Welcome Back Social
	- Yeshoda to send email to Grace to say hi at UTM Biology Meet and Greet (Sep 30)
	- talk more via Discord re: shopping
  
3. **RGASC** (10-15 min)
- Jess is no longer with the RGASC but is still willing to advocate for us
- Schedule a meeting with Jess to see what they can still do for us
	- Yeshoda to send email (CC everyone) to meet
	- Also to get TCard access to CDRS
- We can still periodically hold workshops for them
- What about the merger?

4. **Misc** (5 mins)
- Any other matters arising
	- streaming on Discord/Zoom? Last year, RGASC used Zoom and participants were required to register as a UofT student. If using Zoom: post link in Discord; backup stream on Discord
	- many old Carpentries repos annoyingly have vulnerabilities. Elliott to archive old repos to prevent opening PR, may turn off GH pages
	- Yeshoda to introduce UofTCoders to Anna Reale to share UofTCoders (and gmail) to all grads tri-campus
		- Yeshoda to email Stephanie to put our schedule in the BioFlash
	- exec mid-/end-of-term check-in. If execs ever need a meeting, feel free to check in with the team!