## Meeting Agenda, Dec 5 2022

Present: Sophie, Ahmed, Vicki, Yeshoda, Elliott

Regrets: Margot, Madeleine

1. **Social plans for this Weds** (5-10 min)

- Historically we have just showed up to the GSU pub and had Coders cover the first pitcher - are we good to do that again?
- Things tend to develop from there if needed, e.g. folks head over to a restaurant on Spadina about an hour in if needed
- Sophie: will be downtown Weds, would go to the pub or somewhere else, but trying to avoid being indoors too much
- Yeshoda: may or may not be a bit late, needs to TA on that day - will try to come but not sure
- Vicki: not sure, since based in UTM and currently part of an ongoing conference - tbd

2. **Debrief/Semester wrap up** (20 min)

- Lessons first -
    - How did we feel about the hybrid format? Thoughts from each individual person
    - Thoughts on lesson frequency/content
- Thoughts per person:
    - Yeshoda - lessons were great, run well, but we didn't get a lot of people despite posting on social media often didn't get much engagement
        - lessons in person had no people in the room! people only attended online
        - wondering what we can do to improve attendance 
        - what if before sessions, we send out a poll for different types of lessons? 
    - Sophie - echoing the above, gave a lesson + watched Yeshoda's + went to Margot's - lessons were good, but disappointing if so few people show
        - low attendance brings questions about what people need - has the way in which Coders is needed changed? 
        - who/what do we focus on from here on out? should think about changing philosophy on lesson content to get people
    - Vicki - echo thoughts re: survey, and also even though in person attendance was low, online attendance was pretty good - so do we keep it online? 
    - Elliott - all seemed alright, people still showed up for online despite the switch and it seems to be working well
        - not sure why people aren't coming in person - maybe could put that in the survey (ask if they would come, if not why not, etc)
- Co-working
    - Summary of thoughts from co-working coordinators (format, experience, attendance, advertising, etc)
    - Had a meeting with Sophie about this, but what does the room think we collectively can/should do for co-working from here on out?
        - Some meeting sticking points - collaborating with UofT/UTM libraries, being more about help and aiming at beginners
    - Sophie - held in-person co-working twice, last one is Friday this week - no one has come in person except other execs
        - not sure exactly what's happening, could be worth asking in the poll about this as well to understand why people aren't engaging
            - e.g do people not know? do they not need these? 
        - wondering if we should keep trying to have these in person or whether we should go online
        - although no one has come to the online ones either! 

3. **Considerations for next semester** (20 min)

- Survey updates (I can send out the survey to execs and it can be modified as needed)
    - format questions
    - co-working format questions
    - 'if you attended, did you find them useful'
    - Sophie - try format called EasyRetro, shows other people's responses and lets you thumbs up things as needed
        - best to keep to ~5 questions, focus on getting people to the events 
    - Yeshoda - could have execs also fill out so the responses are somewhat populated 
- Format preferences (online/in-person/hybrid lessons/co-working events, lesson frequency/location, etc)
    - format - let's stick to online only unless the survey massively disagrees
        - in person would be better ideally but the numbers don't lie and online is working better for people right now
    - frequency -
        - Vicki - every other week is great! 
        - Yeshoda - we should defer somewhat to the survey
    - frequency of co-working -
        - Sophie - would be interesting to hear from the survey, but if people don't need it (based on survey) then it's fine to drop if not necessary 

4. **'The state/future of Coders'** (5-10 min)

- can we sustain Coders in its current form past this year? 
    - if not, how can we put things in place (e.g. with the library?) to ensure that the mission lives on?

5. **Miscellaneous**

- any other matters arising

