## Meeting Minutes, Oct 15 2020

Present: Frances, Margot, Amin, Elliott, Ahmed

Regrets: Haidy

1. **Tentative fall schedule** - going over topics and assigning instructors
 * Week of Oct 19 - Lightning demos
 * Week of Oct 26 - first lesson - Intro to reproducibility in R (Ahmed) 
 * Week of Nov 2 - Lightning demos (Python encouraged) 
 * Week of Nov 9 - Programming and data wrangling in R with the tidyverse (Margot) 
 * Week of Nov 16 - Lightning demos (R encouraged) 
 * Week of Nov 23 - Scientific writing with Pandoc and Markdown (Frances)
 * Week of Nov 30 - End of term lightning demos (Pretty figures and how you made them!) 
 * lessons will be 7-8, show up at 6:50 if you need installation help

* Nov 23 - Amin will attend, can't help

2. **Switching to an online format**
 * Having event hosts is going to be *super* important - we might even need to have two hosts per event
 * *have a persistent meeting link* 
 * BEFORE EACH LESSON
    * Zoom rooms will have to be created in advance and sent out + attached to issues
    * this unfortunately does leave us vulnerable to Zoom bombing and that's something that hosts should constantly be on the lookout for if possible
    * participants will need to be given screenshare permissions when setting up meetings as well
    * lesson material NEEDS to be available and on the website a week beforehand
 * DURING EACH LESSON
    * need to use the Gitter to tag team learners for help if multiple helpers - or make Discord
    * Frances' thoughts: 
        * easier to give them the code and talk about the execution of the code, saving a bit for a breakout room where they can try it together - instead of having everyone code along 
        * helps people with frequent typo problems 
        * could start making lessons by deleting code from a full document and then adding exercises
        * this does mean that people lose experience w error messages
        * important to keep the screen as static as possible - avoid scrolling back and forth, and if you have to, verbally explain how far you're going up or down
    * host + any helpers should be present and monitoring the call
    * we'll be recording the lessons as well so that it can be posted to YouTube later on - it's preferable that someone who *isn't* the instructor does this - I'm happy to do it usually
        * there is a lingering concern here about privacy - ideally we just want the instructor's screen to be recorded - need to think about this one
    * the intro spiel needs to be updated to account for online specific things - I'll send around a draft for the new one after this
    * general lesson etiquette - we totally encourage 'interruptions' for questions, or learners could also use the Zoom raise hand thing and have an exec flag the instructor to them
    * if learners encounter small bugs, we ask them to screenshare and discuss in chat with a helper - we may have to be more liberal with stopping the lesson altogether though
    * I want to avoid breakout room help if possible because then the learner gets whisked away from the main lesson and communication b/w instructor and that learner is pretty much cut
    * part of our spiel will be to encourage people to split their screens between Zoom and whatever software they'll be using
    * we should mention that if they have the screen real estate (eg a second screen, a tablet) they could open the lesson material there to make the lesson easier to follow
 * LESSON LENGTH
    * lessons themselves should aim towards *1 hour of material*, but will run for a max of *1.5 hours* and be publicly advertised as lasting that long
    * Margot: material should actually shoot for **45 minutes in 1 hour slot**, but we can start at 10 to the hour for people to get help w installation and such
    * this gives us a lot of 'flex time' to deal with issues as they come up and mean that we aren't rushing to get through material
    * also means we can be more open to questions stopping the lesson without worrying that the lesson will go over time or that material will be cut
 * POST LESSON
    * Frances mentioned we can go in more on the post lesson feedback - I'm 100% for this and we should def prep a form
    * we should also link a separate form specifically to solicit emails - the feedback form should stay anonymous, while I don't want people feeling like they have to publicly drop their email in the chat
    * also means we can link material in advance + link to download lesson document etc

TO DO:
* we should do a test run! 
* make discord for helpers to communicate in background
* make recurring zoom meeting and set all execs to co-hosts
* lessons should follow Frances' proposed structure of pre-provided lesson templates for learners to work in

3. **Lightning demos**
 * topics decided - see sched bit above
