## Meeting Agenda, Sept 9 2021

Present: Frances, Haidy, Elliott, Ahmed, Vicki

Regrets: Amin, Margot, Tara

1. **Debrief**

- initial thoughts on Zoom on Discord:
    - Frances: went well, added events feature was nice, pretty convienient, builds the community
    - Ahmed: @everyone pings were good
    - Discord was not so great for muting people
        - could emphasize user-determined volumes for other people more - telling people that they can turn people up and down
        - should add this to the intro spiel
    - Haidy: should add 'background noises' as part of disruptive behaviour in CoC in lesson - could lead to you being muted! 
- feedback form takeaways
    - push the feedback form harder! 
    - prereqs - could do a Monday ping along with the email that lists prereqs if any - post lesson material if possible, else post prereq lesson material
    - Haidy: possible idea to increase feedback form uptake - enter into a gift card giveaway? (stickers if in person lesson?) 
        - ask instructors to wrap up 5 min before end (6:55) to ask for people to fill out feedback form
        - Frances: could ask attendees to screenshot feedback form submission and post in a dedicated discord channel
    - Frances: could prime idea of feedback form in the beginning as well and ask people to stick around in advance 
        - also look into Discord bots that 'eat' messages (eg make them hidden from public view)
- ask about ideal weekly meeting time in the survey 

2. **Carpentries and Mentorship for next semester**

- Carpentries (Frances)
    - Frances has been talking to Elizabeth Parke at UTM who is interested in running Carpentries style workshops for the humanities
    - talked about a workshop that teaches attendees how to use Git as a portfolio to show projects and use it as a resource
        - could lean a bit more towards GUI things instead of going ham with the command line stuff
    - thinking the end of Feb
    - assuming we're doing this online again
    - 2 days - Wednesdays and Thursdays work best for Frances 
    - Feb 23 and Mar 2nd tentative dates, still need to pick R vs Python (likely Python since we usually alternate)
    - Frances will send out recruitment email for instructors/helpers in early Jan since everyone's kinda losing their minds right now
- Peer mentorship (Haidy)
    - need to send out a formal email still recruiting mentors and mentees (same form)
        - could lump in with survey email, to be sent before the end of this semester 
    - need to set a deadline for when people need to respond by 
    - general preference was to just run for the semester (eg not into the summer)
    - hoping to kick off the second week of the semester
    - biweekly co-working lessons 
        - could change up lesson sched to be alternating weeks (like in early 2020, lol) so that we don't overwork ourselves 
    - Haidy will touch base with Tara tomorrow and send me (Ahmed) a spiel to send the email 
    - next meeting - **week of Jan 10th, could do the Wednesday of that week** - Jan 12th, 2021

