Present: Vicki, Yeshoda, Sophie, Elliott;

Regrets: Denny, Madeleine

## Intros

Everyone is doing good!

Sophie is RGASC rep - she is the liason with Jessica at the RGASC for the merger. Sophie can only lead one lesson this year (she is trying to wrap up!).

Also need to update website (Elliot on it).

## RGASC merger

- still working with Jess, who invited us to the GPD workshop
    - Workshop titled: ”Academic Workflow”
    - Instructor: Vicki; Helpers: Yeshoda, Sophie
    - Date: October 11, 10 AM (Reading Week)
    - Details: 1 hour long, helping students in science, social sciences, humanities structure files, manuscripts, plots, etc.
- Merger:
    - Overall, merger is going very well
    - Jess is giving us our independence but did give us top 5 lessons that are needed from survey
        - other workshops: Machine Learning, Shiny/Interactive Plots, Overview of Programming Languages, Intro to R & Python

## Lesson Format and Schedule

- What should the format of our lessons be for the term?
    - Yeshoda: stay at UTM but hybrid
    - Sophie: hybrid, not use MadLAB
    - Elliot: no preference, but should cater to instructors
    - Vicki: hybrid, in-person at UTM especially with RGASC merger, also bi-weekly or less often if RGASC are hosting other events with UofTCoders
    
Term Workshop Schedule
    - 1 hour lessons, maybe switch up some weekdays (Monday/Wednesday). All of these lessons will be hybrid (UTM & Discord) - if virtual, that is okay too.
        - Wednesdays at 4 PM tentatively, some weeks we can switch to other weekdays based on instructors' availabilities
    - Sep 27: Meet & Greet
        - Yeshoda suggests M&G with pizza @ UTM
        - Sophie thinks it would really be helpful to build community, start knowledge exchange, Vicki agrees
        - Elliot suggests advertising more (emailing departments at least 2 weeks in advance) so that learners also attend (not just execs)
        - Vicki/Yeshoda will reach out to Jess to help spread the word, book the room, and get food, and decide who is leading it for a stipend payment
        - ask Madeleine, who is still treasurer, about catering and money for food
    - Oct 11: Academic Workflow (this one is set already)
    - Oct 25: Intro to Python
        - Elliot
    - Nov 8: Intro to R
        - Sophie (co-instructed with Denny maybe?)
    - Nov 22: Intro to AI or Machine Learning
        - Nehal’s partner, Aman, introduced a workshop that focuses on showing learners how to use ChatGPT
    - Dec 6: end-of-year social
    

## Other Miscellaneous Topics

Elliot reminded us that there is still a box of things (stickers, HDMI adapter, sign-up sheets, etc.) at the MadLAB that we need to grab. Yeshoda has the key. Vicki volunteered to grab the box sometime this week.

## Tasks

* Elliot to update website with GH usernames & bios
* ask Denny if she wants to teach a lesson
* decide on dates (Monday or Wednesday for each week) with host & instructor's availability
* email Jess with schedule
* start organizing Meet & Greet
