## Meeting Agenda, May 30 2022

Present: Frances. Margot, Elliott, Vicki, Ahmed

Regrets: Amin, Haidy, Tara

1. **Lesson debrief** (10-15 min)

- How did we feel about the past semester's lessons? 
- What could have been better? 
- How was attendance?
- How did the workload feel (given that we reduced lesson frequency this time)? 

- Frances: semester was good, maintained the same type of online lesson, avg 7 people per lesson
    - feels that we strayed from the Carpentries code-along style to accommodate online lessons
    - would want to see exec-to-exec teaching feedback in the future as well - appreciated learning how to teach better from other execs in the past, want to keep that going despite being online
        - extent of formality could just be to ensure that someone is looking out to give feedback (perhaps the host) 
        - Margot: this is a good idea, improving how to teach has been a big part of joining Coders
    - workload was manageable, good to see hosting responsibilities distributed to avoid burnout
        - Vicki: this semester was easier to manage from an admin perspective, emails were every two weeks instead and didn't need to rush for next lesson
        - Frances: also going to be better if we're back in person, since needing to show up to Gerstein weekly after two years of logging in from wherever is going to be hard
    - not been getting a lot of format from feedback form - perhaps that could be different next year when we're ideally in person

2. **Peer mentorship debrief** (20 min)

- Overall summary and thoughts on semester (Tara/Haidy)
- Thoughts on event schedule
- Thoughts on engagement/retention
- How would we want to run peer mentorship differently next time?

3. **Summer/future plans** (20 min)

- Carpentries workshops? One-off lessons?
    - Frances: totally up for doing a Carpentries in July/Aug if we feel there's an audience for it
    - all our past events have sold out! 
    - summer one would be run online - might miss out on some EEB folks (Vicki: that's field season!) but we can host another in the fall
    - could do same day across two weeks
- What will Coders and Coders exec look like next year?
    - Ahmed can probably no longer be president cause life
    - Carpentries in the summer could help us find more people to bring on board
    - Vicki: want to stick on for some position, but not feeling like the president role

4. **Miscellaneous** (5 min)

- Margot: Saturday program - what became of that?
    - Ahmed: will reach out to organizers about when that might be happening next
- Frances: do we keep the server after going back to in-person?
    - do we want to keep the youtube streaming/recordings?
    - Vicki: the server is a good way to send out pings and announcements, so can do that like an hour before
    - it also made it super easy for peer mentorship - there was no need to make Zoom calls, mentors and mentees just dropped into Discord channels
- keeping YouTube lessons
    - Frances: could transition to producing video content outright on specific topics - polished lessons expressly made for youtube
    - Margot: at the end of the year, reviewing our favourite lessons + workshopping them in the Discord server + producing them
    - Frances: picking lessons also prevents the same lesson from having multiple versions (eg there are 3-4 Intro Rs out there)
    - Margot: also workshopping them will mean the lesson plans are higher quality and more useful for people who learn that way
    - Elliott: most videos are <1k views, but a couple with 3k and a few outliers (Image Processing in Python with 33k!) 
    - Vicki: video recordings are also useful for giving feedback

