---
contact: Asher Cutter, Martin Krkosek
department: Ecology and Evolutionary Biology
uoftcoders: Madeleine, Luke, Joel, Elliott
date: 2017-04-13
---

# Action Items
- Madeleine: Add some specifics to the ecology topics in the syllabus
- Everyone: Think through the assessment we want and how to structure assignments, progress reports, final project, etc. See "grading and assessment".
- Martin: Put us in touch with IT people for computer lab to discuss software, permissions, saving, etc.
- Joel/Madeleine: Put syllabus in a form similar to the example Martin sent: include description blurb, links to resources, textbook info, text about academic integrity etc., schedule of weeks, assessment

# Summary
- Grading and assessment:
	- we should avoid the auto-graded quizzes and multiple choice in favour of more personalized feedback - this is more helpful to students and doable with a small course
	- coding exercises are good, but feedback should be more about how they did it than whether or not the answer is right
	- lean towards fewer assignments and better feedback
	- the drop deadline is pretty late (can look up in course calendar), but we need to have sufficient assessment by that time. I don't know if there is a specific rule for what "sufficient" means. 
	- Be careful of overlap between 4th year research project: students can't submit the same work for assessment in both courses. We can survey the students to ask if they are also in the research course and make sure we communicate with Asher so that someone will know if they submit the same thing twice.
	- The project can be a large fraction of the mark (like half), but it **can't** be half the mark if it's a group project, as in a group report can't be 50% of their mark. To get around this, we could add little marks that are individual and still have a portion (maybe 20%) be the group report or other product. 
	- We can't have them grade each other and record that as an actual grade. We could do something like grade their review of each other, but we can't just take the grades they give each other. 
	- Grading scheme could be something like 50% assignments in the first few weeks, 10% each, a few marks here and there for individual progress reports, we could have them peer review each other and mark the review, etc. 

- Ecology material
	- It's mostly up to us what we want to include, and I think Martin will be pretty hands-off about what we choose. 
	- Do some blackboard analysis of simple ecology models:
		- start with 1D models (i.e. logistic, both continuous and discrete), show phase portraits, local approximation & linearization, plot dN/dt vs. N, etc.
		- good 2D examples include Lotka-Volterra, competition models
	- a good exercise could be fitting the Ricker model to some timeseries data - this can be recast as a simple linear regression problem to get the growth rate and carrying capacity, but the model itself has interesting behaviours including several periodicities of limit cycle and chaos. It's also easy (?) to add stochasticity to the model if we want.
	- Eigenvalues might be hard, maybe doing them computationally and explaining what they mean is good enough.
	- They don't have to be able to do a full stability analysis by the end of the course - that might be too lofty of a goal. That's an entire course's worth of material.
	- Need to start from the very beginning with this stuff - they won't know about differential equations - most they've seen is 1D models analyzed graphically on the board (i.e. logistic growth with fixed points and stability intuition from plot). They might have seen a bifurcation diagram, but again, no math.
	- Some ecology tidbits (mostly for Madeleine's reference):
		- they discuss in 3rd year logistic growth, the Allee effect, the spruce bugworm model circa 1970s (dN/dt = G(N)-H(N)), G(N) is logistic growth, H(N) is type III predator functional response
		- functional responses: type I is linear, type II is saturating (Michaelis-Menten type), type III is sigmoidal. Illustrate types with analogy of you going to an all-you-can-eat buffet - what does your response look like? Plots are rate of eating of 1 predator vs. prey abundance. 
	
- Course structure and logistics:
	- Martin will **not** give any lectures, he is only there to help with admin stuff. 
	- Room has been booked: it's the CQuest (?) room, a computer lab, for both days. We can go and check it out at some point. It has a projector and screen.
	- We will communicate with IT to discuss the software the computers need: R, RStudio, Git, R packages? Saving permissions?
	- We can bring in guest lecturers if we want
	- Unstructured project work time is an acceptable thing to have in place of lecture later in the course.
	- We can monitor enrolment over the summer, but it won't be a good indicator really until a few weeks into the course. 
	- Avoid a course website that isn't Blackboard if possible - best to do all dissemination of materials and communication on there unless it's way too clunky for something.
	- Gather student feedback early and often - we can't change the assessment scheme once it's set, but we can change the content and length of assignments. 
	- We can't make any changes to the syllabus after we hand it out to students at the beginning of the course and give a copy to the department. 
	- Other than syllabus and getting paid (Asher is contact for that), there isn't any paperwork we need to do.

- Student projects and data:
	- Martin has lots of salmon host-parasite timeseries data, but he suggested it might be better to get data from online repositories so students get experience doing that. Some suggested online sources:
		- Ecology Journal has published databases
		- [Global population dynamics database](https://www.imperial.ac.uk/cpb/gpdd2/secure/login.aspx) - timeseries data, appears you need a login
		- [RAM legacy database](http://ramlegacy.marinebiodiversity.ca/ram-legacy-stock-assessment-database) - marine fisheries data
	- No opinion from Martin on using strictly timeseries data vs. being flexible - depends on us and students
	- Students will need some guidance for what kinds of questions & analysis they might want to do - up to us to keep it simple. It's likely they'll be out of their depth too fast otherwise. 
	- Projects might not necessarily involve data - they could just be simulations. I'm okay with this, any comments?


