---
contact: Martin Krkosek
department: Ecology and Evolutionary Biology
uoftcoders: Madeleine, Luke, Joel
date: 2017-08-21
---

I have made separate issues of all the bold-faced questions for discussion.

# Action items
- All send Joel their UtorIDs, so that Martin can give us blackboard access
    - Communication with student's should preferably be via blackboard.
- Martin will check if the final project can be this close to the final exams in other course.
- Send Martin the complete syllabus at the latest the day before classes starts.
    - Maybe nice for students to see it a few days in advance? Once we send it out to the students it is final.

# Summary
- Martin prefers 1 TA per assignment.
- Shared workload for the final project, potentially everyone grades everything together, or at least some form of cross-check
- Be flexible and customize the level of teaching based on feedback from the class
    - Expect our expectations to not match the cohort we get.
    - Cannot change lectures and assignment topics and dates without administrative process.
        - But can change content according to student level.
    - **Should we stress that we want students to provide active feedback, and maybe even have a survey for this purpose? #63**
- Don't want to scare or agitate students before the drop date (and preferably not after either...)
    - Does not look good for the pilot course if we have a huge decrease after the drop date. Some decrease is expected.
    - Students usually enroll for 1-2  courses that they will drop, so we are competing to keep students against other classes.
- Depending on the enrollment number, we will allow grad students to sit in, but they will not be part of the assignments or group work, and should not be dominant in the discussion.
- Put together 3-4 sample projects that we can imagine that students will enjoy and steer them towards these a little.
- REALLY important to make sure everyone gets off to a good start. They must get going right away, and the project must feel like it is a manageable scope. Too big or unfocused and they will dread starting it. It will be important for the respective TA to go watch the GitHub activity of their students. **Should we encourage students to use GitHub and Gitter for all their communication? #64**
- The global database has mostly time series of abundance **Should we include timeseries as part of the dplyr lectures? #65**
- Martin will come to the first class and introduce us.
- Stability analyses took some other prof an entire semester to build up to a complete understanding.
    - Concept like a Jacobian will be a challenge for the student to become comfortable with in short time.
